---
title: Home
---

# Stephanos (Steve) Matsumoto

[<img src="https://github.com/goodroot/hugo-classic/raw/master/images/partywizard.gif" style="max-width:15%;min-width:40px;float:right;" alt="Github repo" />](https://github.com/goodroot/hugo-classic)

I am an Assistant Professor of Computer Science and Engineering at the [Olin
College of Engineering](http://www.olin.edu). I am broadly interested in
computer security and privacy, particularly in how we can incentivize better
practices in security and privacy. I am also interested in computer science and
engineering education, especially as it relates to systems, security, software
engineering, and computing in an engineering context. My current research and
teaching projects include:

* an effort to make practical and effective
improvements to the Web public-key infrastructure (PKI) using existing
technology,
* a study of resource consumption and pricing in distributed
computation, particularly in the context of cryptocurrency-based platforms like
Ethereum, and
* the development of a course on the principles of cryptocurrency.

Before coming to Olin, I was a postdoctoral researcher in the Cybercrime Group
at Carnegie Mellon University, under the supervision of [Nicolas
Christin](https://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/nicolasc/). I received my PhD in
Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE) at Carnegie Mellon University under
the supervision of [Bryan Parno](https://www.andrew.cmu.edu/user/bparno/).
During my PhD, I also spent two and a half years in the [Network Security
Group](https://netsec.ethz.ch/) at ETH Zurich. I received my MS in ECE at
Carnegie Mellon University, supervised by Adrian Perrig. I received my BS in
Computer Science and Mathematics from Harvey Mudd College, supervised by [Zach
Dodds](https://www.cs.hmc.edu/~dodds/) (CS) and [Susan
Martonosi](https://www.hmc.edu/mathematics/people/faculty/susan-martonosi/)
(Math).

In my spare time, I enjoy traveling, board games, cooking, and reading.

### Blog
