---
title: "Research"
date: 2019-11-12T21:52:12-05:00
draft: false
---

My research is in security and privacy, which has in the past included topics
such as public-key authentication (particularly for HTTPS), cryptocurrency,
future Internet architecture, and DNS. It is likely that my future work will
continue to focus on public-key authentication and cryptocurrency, but also
include smaller projects in applied cryptography, smart contract applications,
incentives in security and privacy, and security education. If you like building
software but security is not your cup of tea, I also usually have some software
engineering projects to work on.

I am always looking for students to do research with. If you are currently an
Olin student, please email me or catch me somewhere on campus to set up a time.
Ideally, you should have taken Software Design or have an equivalent amount of
coding experience and be comfortable with writing, refactoring, and documenting
code. It's even better if you have interests in mathematically deeper topics in
security (such as cryptography), though I do my best to find a project that
works well for both of us.

**If you are not a current Olin student and you do not know me, it is highly
unlikely that I can work with you.** The reality is that you would have to spend
a summer here to work with me, and my ability to mentor you in a project is
usually quite limited by what my funding will cover. That being said, if you
feel that you have **both** a good project idea and a *detailed* idea of how you
would implement your idea, please let me know about it and I will try to take a
look.

## Currently Available Projects

Coming very soon (around December 2019/January 2020)!

## Past Projects

When I get some time, I will fill this section in.
